Music Processing Code Agent Prompts
Session Name: Integrating wxPython GUI with Command Line App

Primary Prompt:
1) add wxPython gui to existing command line application
    2) dialog box not saving selection for use

3) add an Art panel for missing audio_art.py functions

4) set panel order left to right as art, convert, normalize, playlist, metadata, directory

5) launch application maximized

6) enable log_ctrl text control re-sizable by user

7) After any conversion or normalization operation succeeds, a directory browser dialog opens automatically showing the generated_files\Music directory. Users can then navigate to select and move desired mp3 files

8) add tool tip for text boxes that says "enter path or click browse button"

9) for art extract-walk function, change optional pattern input text control to select-able drop down list populated from AUDIO_EXTS and an any file type

10) add tool tip to Art panel Pattern drop down list

11) Art panel Audio file (extract art) browse dialog should only be able to select files listed in AUDO_EXTS

12) Convert panel Audio file to convert browse dialog should only be able to select files listed in AUDO_EXTS

13) for convert panel convert-walk function, change optional pattern input text control to select-able drop down list populated from AUDIO_EXTS and an any file type

14) add tool tip to Normalize panel Type drop down list

15) in Normalize panel, create a nested panel that contains the top-level dir (normalize-walk) input text and the Type drop down list.

16) in Normalize panel, create a nested panel that contains the ebu file, Peak file and RMS file input text fields. Title the nested panel "Specific Normalizations"

17) add src/gui/handler.py abstraction layer
    18) event handlers not removed from wx_app.py
    19) browse buttons are not opening dialogs
    20) ebu file browse button not opening file dialog

21) ebu file, Peak file, and RMS file browser dialogs should only be able to select mp3 files

22) Add wx focus-to-text-target improvements and better control enable/disable state.

23) if a single file ebu normalization succeeds, display the ebu_normalize_file.txt contents in results

24) if a single file PEAK normalization succeeds, display the peak_normalize_file.txt contents in results

25) if a single file rms normalization succeeds, display the rms_normalize_file.txt contents in results

26) in Art panel, create a nested panel that contains the Audio file (extract art): file input text field. Title the nested panel "Specific File Extraction"

27) in Art panel, create a nested spanel that contains the Top-level dir (extract walk): input field and Pattern (optional): drop down list. Title the nested panel "Bulk Directory Art Extraction".

28) increase font size by 2 points

29) in Art panel, create a nested panel that contains the Top-level dir (set art): input field. Change the label text to "Top Level Directory to walk:". Title the nested panel "Set Bulk Album Directory Art".

30) In Art panel, move Specific File Art Extraction nested panel in between Bulk Directory Art Extraction nested panel and Set Bulk Album Directory Art nested panel.

31) In Convert panel, create nested pnel that contains the Top-level dir (convert wlak): input field . Change the label text to "Top Level Directory to walk". Also include the Pattern (optional) drop down list. Change the label text to "Convert from Audio File Format:". Title the nested panel "Bulk Directory Conversion".

32) modify update_playlist to not need tld_path input parameter

33) alphabetically sort handlers.py defs, without changing method bodies

34) Rebuild the Playlist panel based on the command line interface from audio_playlist.py.  

35) add a show generated playlist file dialog that opens in the generated file directory and only can select m3u files when a playlist update succeeds

todo  need playlist "walk" type operation success file move dialog to allow multiple file selection ie all *.m3u files

todo check if single & directory walk art extract success ops open file tranfser dialog . they should not, as art function creates the folder.jpg in same album dir as audio file.


todo
23-25 above removed "After any conversion or normalization operation succeeds, a directory browser dialog opens automatically showing the generated_files\Music directory. Users can then navigate to select and move desired mp3 files"

Small tasks

Add the "command results" text exporter to logs (e.g., files created list).
Add main.py gui --headless / dry-run to support scripting/testing.
Add a tests/test_main_gui_invocation.py for full CLI -> GUI entrypoint.
Add pyinstaller packaging snippet (extra branch).

check todo
Playlist gui
Metadata gui
Directory GUI

GUI selenium?

send error.info and error.warning to text log ui instead of log files